duck Norma burn to a cinder or stuffed
inside a pancake roll what a waste
it's nice and light and gamy active
delicious
school
season five spice quite generous with
the five spice
this makes the duck really aromatic dry
pan
that side down push it down in the pan
as that fat starts releasing itself from
duck breasts get a pan now save that fat
that's duck fat delicious for sauteed
potatoes honey
soy sauce for me the most important
thing now is the duck stayed nice and
pink absolutely stunning
green beans perfect accompaniment with
duck into boiling water literary one and
a half minutes hazelnuts
these are dr roasted hazelnuts more
intense flavor season crush means nice
and crunchy when the beans are warm they
take on the vinaigrette olive oil
haze on the oil
sherry vinegar
delicious
slice lovely
honey roast up with hazelnut green bean
salad done [ __ ] delicious